README.md, before:

# Portfolio Template

A modern, customizable portfolio template built with **Vite**, **React**, **TypeScript**, and **TailwindCSS**.

> Based on a guide by PedroTech – [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifOJ0R5UQOc).  
> The original tutorial uses JavaScript. This project is implemented in TypeScript.

---

## Features

- **Vite** for fast development and build
- **React** for component-based UI
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **TailwindCSS** for utility-first styling
- Responsive design
- Easy to customize and extend

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16+ recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/gbryan-psu/portfolio-template-learning
   cd gabefolio

   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**

   ```sh
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install

   ```

3. **Start the development server:**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev

   ```

4. **Open in Browser:**

   Visit http://localhost:5173 to view the app.

### Customization

- Edit components in the src/ directory to personalize your portfolio.
- Update tailwind.config.js to adjust TailwindCSS settings.
- Modify vite.config.ts for build or plugin changes.

### Credits

- [PedroTech](https://www.youtube.com/@PedroTechnologies) for the original tutorial.

Commit message:

Include eslint and prettier in README

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Template

A modern, customizable portfolio template built with **Vite**, **React**, **TypeScript**, and **TailwindCSS**.

> Based on a guide by PedroTech – [YouTube Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifOJ0R5UQOc).  
> The original tutorial uses JavaScript. This project is implemented in TypeScript.

---

## Features

- **Vite** for fast development and build
- **React** for component-based UI
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **TailwindCSS** for utility-first styling
- Responsive design
- Easy to customize and extend

---

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v16+ recommended)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/)

### Installation

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/gbryan-psu/portfolio-template-learning
   cd gabefolio

   ```

2. **Install Dependencies:**

   ```sh
   npm install
   # or
   yarn install

   ```

3. **Start the development server:**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   # or
   yarn dev

   ```

4. **Open in Browser:**

   Visit http://localhost:5173 to view the app.

### Code Quality and Formatting

This project uses [ESLint](https://eslint.org/) for code linting and [Prettier](https://prettier.io/) for code formatting.  
It's recommended to install the relevant extensions in your code editor for the best development experience:

- **VS Code Extensions:**
  - [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint)
  - [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode)

You can run linting and formatting from the command line:

```sh
npm run lint
npm run format
```

### Customization

- Edit components in the src/ directory to personalize your portfolio.
- Update tailwind.config.js to adjust TailwindCSS settings.
- Modify vite.config.ts for build or plugin changes.

### Credits

- [PedroTech](https://www.youtube.com/@PedroTechnologies) for the original tutorial.
